# BryceMarket - Secure Supermarket App

BryceMarket is a secure supermarket app that provides a convenient shopping experience for customers. It includes features such as secure payments through PayPal, an admin panel for managing products and categories, user management, receipt tracking, product reviews, and a contact messaging system.


# Bootstrap Styling

Bryce Market uses Bootstrap to enhance the user interface, ensuring that your website looks clean, smooth, and visually appealing.

## Features

### Customer Features

- **Product Search and Purchase**: Customers can browse and search for products, view product details, and make secure payments using PayPal.

- **Product Reviews**: Customers can review products they have purchased, providing valuable feedback to other users.

- **Contact Messaging**: Customers can send messages to the admin for inquiries, feedback, or assistance.

- **Profile Page**: Customers have a dedicated profile page where they can:
  - Change their full name.
  - Update their profile picture.
  - View their purchase receipts.
  - Toggle dark mode for a customized browsing experience.

### Admin Features

- **Admin Panel**: The admin has access to a dedicated admin panel with the following functionalities:
  - **Product Management**: Add, remove, or update product listings, including product descriptions and prices.
  - **Category Management**: Add and remove product categories for better organization.
  - **User Management**: Delete user accounts or assign staff roles.
  - **Receipt Tracking**: View and manage all receipts generated by customer purchases.
  - **Review Management**: Admins can review and delete product reviews if necessary.
  - **Contact Messages**: Review and respond to customer messages.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/RotemDevAcc/BryceMarketReact.git
2. 
    Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
3. 
    Set Your Server URL
    navigate to src\components\settings>
    Change TargetServer
    ```bash
    export const TargetServer = "http://127.0.0.1:8000/"
4. 
    Start The App
    ```bash
    npm start
5.  
    Access The Admin User
    ```bash
    Navigate to the login page
    and access the admin user
    username: admin
    password: admin
    ```

    
## Designed to work with https://github.com/RotemDevAcc/BryceMarketServer as a BackEnd